How to access:

git clone <Repository>
cd Deeltech_user_automation


The commands for the license.sh:​

Revoke: In this command, it will basically remove the active license file from your machine, so that you
can't  enter the interface without the key.​ this way you will have enter the key again to enter the interface.

How to command: ./license.sh revoke​

Check: in this command, it will check for the license file that is active in your machine, it will search for
it and outputs "Valid license found on this machine." If it's on the machine, and if not, it will output "No
valid license found."​

How to command: ./license.sh check​

Generate: In this command, it will generate the key that the scrum master/management has to copy
and email to the users, and the hex code for security purposes that the user/server management needs
to copy the code and paste it inside the file (the very top of the file)​

How to command: ./license.sh generate


The commands for main.sh

to run the program, execute ./main.sh. Then choose an option below

1. To add users from the CS faculty website, type 1 and enter. This will scrape the CS faculty website, 
parse it for first and last names of faculty, and use those to add users to the database.

2. To delete a single user from the database, type 2 and enter. You will then be prompted to enter the name of the person you would like to delete. 
You will have to type the first name, space, last name of the person you would like to delete. This must be case-sensitive as of right now. 

3. To add a single user manually, type 3 and enter. You will then provide the name of the user you would like to create and press enter.

4. To delete all of the existing CS faculty users from the database, type 4 and enter. 
This will do the same functions as pressing 1 (scraping and parsing), but instead of adding the users, it will delete them.

To run my script call user_management.sh with sudo privileges.

The script will take the first and last name and format a username and password with that information. Usernames are generated using the format "first.last".  The password is formated with "firstlastDEELTECH".

To run the script simply run create_user "FirstName" "LastName"
